README.md, before:

Submissions
======================
> *Auto-generated with ❤ using [Harwest](https://github.com/nileshsah/harwest-tool)*

## Introduction

A repository to keep track of problem solving practice, containing solutions from platforms:
* Codeforces &nbsp; [![Codeforces](https://run.kaist.ac.kr/badges/codeforces/nov1ce_17171.svg)](https://codeforces.com/profile/nov1ce_17171)
* AtCoder &nbsp; [![AtCoder](https://run.kaist.ac.kr/badges/atcoder/HisokaMagician.svg)](https://atcoder.jp/users/HisokaMagician)


## Contents

| # | Title | Solution | Tags | Submitted |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---- | --------- |
91 | [B - Dreamoon and WiFi](https://codeforces.com/contest/476/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/476/B.py) | `bitmasks` `brute force` `combinatorics` `dp` `math` `probabilities` `*1300` | Dec/21/2022 02:46 | 
90 | [B - Alice and the List of Presents](https://codeforces.com/contest/1236/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1236/B.py) | `combinatorics` `math` `*1500` | Dec/20/2022 23:55 | 
89 | [B - Incinerate](https://codeforces.com/contest/1763/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1763/B.py) | `binary search` `brute force` `sortings` | Dec/19/2022 23:19 | 
88 | [C - Hossam and Trainees](https://codeforces.com/contest/1771/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1771/C.py) | `greedy` `math` `number theory` `*1600` | Dec/19/2022 11:00 | 
87 | [D - Absolute Sorting](https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/D) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1772/D.py) | `math` | Dec/19/2022 09:31 | 
86 | [C - Different Differences](https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1772/C.py) | `greedy` `math` | Dec/18/2022 20:45 | 
85 | [B - Matrix Rotation](https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1772/B.py) | `brute force` | Dec/18/2022 20:36 | 
84 | [A - A+B?](https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1772/A.py) | `implementation` | Dec/18/2022 20:06 | 
83 | [C - Min-Max Array Transformation](https://codeforces.com/contest/1721/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1721/C.py) | `binary search` `greedy` `two pointers` `*1400` | Dec/18/2022 19:50 | 
82 | [C - Madoka and Formal Statement](https://codeforces.com/contest/1717/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1717/C.py) | `greedy` `*1300` | Dec/18/2022 18:48 | 
81 | [B - Interesting Sum](https://codeforces.com/contest/1720/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1720/B.py) | `brute force` `data structures` `greedy` `math` `sortings` `*800` | Dec/18/2022 16:17 | 
80 | [A - Burenka Plays with Fractions](https://codeforces.com/contest/1720/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1720/A.py) | `math` `number theory` `*900` | Dec/18/2022 15:45 | 
79 | [B - Deadly Laser](https://codeforces.com/contest/1721/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1721/B.py) | `implementation` `*1000` | Dec/18/2022 15:26 | 
78 | [B - Basketball Together](https://codeforces.com/contest/1725/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1725/B.py) | `binary search` `greedy` `sortings` `*1000` | Dec/18/2022 14:59 | 
77 | [B - Coloring](https://codeforces.com/contest/1774/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1774/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `greedy` | Dec/18/2022 02:06 | 
76 | [A - Add Plus Minus Sign](https://codeforces.com/contest/1774/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1774/A.py) | `constructive algorithms` | Dec/18/2022 01:37 | 
75 | [B - Make Array Good](https://codeforces.com/contest/1762/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1762/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `implementation` `number theory` `sortings` | Dec/17/2022 20:23 | 
74 | [A - Divide and Conquer](https://codeforces.com/contest/1762/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1762/A.py) | `greedy` `math` `number theory` | Dec/17/2022 19:52 | 
73 | [B - Let's Get a Perfect Score](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc282/tasks/abc282_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc282/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Dec/17/2022 18:05 | 
72 | [C - String Delimiter](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc282/tasks/abc282_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc282/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Dec/17/2022 17:40 | 
71 | [A - Generalized ABC](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc282/tasks/abc282_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc282/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Dec/17/2022 17:32 | 
70 | [D - Lucky Chains](https://codeforces.com/contest/1766/problem/D) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1766/D.py) | `brute force` `greedy` `math` `number theory` | Dec/15/2022 19:10 | 
69 | [C - Hamiltonian Wall](https://codeforces.com/contest/1766/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1766/C.py) | `dp` `greedy` `implementation` | Dec/15/2022 18:22 | 
68 | [B - Notepad#](https://codeforces.com/contest/1766/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1766/B.py) | `brute force` `greedy` `implementation` | Dec/13/2022 00:01 | 
67 | [A - Extremely Round](https://codeforces.com/contest/1766/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1766/A.py) | `greedy` `implementation` `math` | Dec/12/2022 23:48 | 
66 | [D - Max Multiple](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc281/tasks/abc281_d) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc281/D.py) | `AtCoder` `*400` | Dec/12/2022 16:23 | 
65 | [E - Least Elements](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc281/tasks/abc281_e) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc281/E.py) | `AtCoder` `*500` | Dec/12/2022 12:10 | 
64 | [A - Hossam and Combinatorics](https://codeforces.com/contest/1771/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1771/A.py) | `combinatorics` `math` `sortings` | Dec/11/2022 21:17 | 
63 | [C - Circular Playlist](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc281/tasks/abc281_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc281/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Dec/10/2022 17:45 | 
62 | [B - Sandwich Number](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc281/tasks/abc281_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc281/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Dec/10/2022 17:39 | 
61 | [A - Count Down](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc281/tasks/abc281_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc281/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Dec/10/2022 17:31 | 
60 | [D - Factorial and Multiple](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc280/tasks/abc280_d) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc280/D.py) | `AtCoder` `*400` | Dec/03/2022 20:38 | 
59 | [C - Extra Character](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc280/tasks/abc280_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc280/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Dec/03/2022 17:43 | 
58 | [B - Inverse Prefix Sum](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc280/tasks/abc280_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc280/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Dec/03/2022 17:37 | 
57 | [A - Pawn on a Grid](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc280/tasks/abc280_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc280/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Dec/03/2022 17:33 | 
56 | [B - Madoka and Underground Competitions](https://codeforces.com/contest/1717/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1717/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `implementation` `*1100` | Dec/01/2022 22:03 | 
55 | [C - Minimize the Thickness](https://codeforces.com/contest/1741/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1741/C.py) | `brute force` `greedy` `math` `two pointers` `*1100` | Dec/01/2022 19:53 | 
54 | [D - Maximum Sum of Products](https://codeforces.com/contest/1519/problem/D) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1519/D.py) | `brute force` `dp` `implementation` `math` `two pointers` `*1600` | Dec/01/2022 16:50 | 
53 | [C - Unstable String](https://codeforces.com/contest/1535/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1535/C.py) | `binary search` `dp` `greedy` `implementation` `strings` `two pointers` `*1400` | Dec/01/2022 16:22 | 
52 | [C - Ela and Crickets](https://codeforces.com/contest/1737/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1737/C.py) | `constructive algorithms` `games` `implementation` `math` `*1500` | Nov/30/2022 23:35 | 
51 | [E1 - Divisible Numbers (easy version)](https://codeforces.com/contest/1744/problem/E1) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1744/E1.py) | `brute force` `math` `number theory` `*1500` | Nov/30/2022 16:03 | 
50 | [C - Virus](https://codeforces.com/contest/1704/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1704/C.py) | `greedy` `implementation` `sortings` `*1200` | Nov/29/2022 17:05 | 
49 | [C - Zero-Sum Prefixes](https://codeforces.com/contest/1748/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1748/C.py) | `brute force` `data structures` `dp` `greedy` `implementation` `*1600` | Nov/29/2022 14:55 | 
48 | [B - Ela's Fitness and the Luxury Number](https://codeforces.com/contest/1737/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1737/B.py) | `binary search` `implementation` `math` `*1300` | Nov/29/2022 11:19 | 
47 | [B - Playing with GCD](https://codeforces.com/contest/1736/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1736/B.py) | `math` `number theory` `*1200` | Nov/29/2022 10:29 | 
46 | [B - Ugu](https://codeforces.com/contest/1732/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1732/B.py) | `brute force` `dp` `greedy` `implementation` `*900` | Nov/28/2022 23:18 | 
45 | [B - Diverse Substrings](https://codeforces.com/contest/1748/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1748/B.py) | `brute force` `implementation` `strings` `*1400` | Nov/28/2022 21:09 | 
44 | [B - Mainak and Interesting Sequence](https://codeforces.com/contest/1726/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1726/B.py) | `bitmasks` `constructive algorithms` `math` `*1100` | Nov/28/2022 19:13 | 
43 | [A - Mainak and Array](https://codeforces.com/contest/1726/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1726/A.py) | `greedy` `math` `*900` | Nov/28/2022 16:17 | 
42 | [C - Frog Jumps](https://codeforces.com/contest/1324/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1324/C.py) | `binary search` `data structures` `dfs and similar` `greedy` `implementation` `*1100` | Nov/28/2022 11:23 | 
41 | [C - Number Game](https://codeforces.com/contest/1749/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1749/C.py) | `binary search` `data structures` `games` `greedy` `implementation` `*1400` | Nov/28/2022 09:46 | 
40 | [C - Almost All Multiples](https://codeforces.com/contest/1758/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1758/C.py) | `greedy` `number theory` `*1400` | Nov/27/2022 22:40 | 
39 | [B - Meeting on the Line](https://codeforces.com/contest/1730/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1730/B.py) | `binary search` `geometry` `greedy` `implementation` `math` `ternary search` `*1600` | Nov/27/2022 19:32 | 
38 | [D - Friends and the Restaurant](https://codeforces.com/contest/1729/problem/D) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1729/D.py) | `greedy` `sortings` `two pointers` `*1200` | Nov/27/2022 16:58 | 
37 | [A1 - Make Nonzero Sum (easy version)](https://codeforces.com/contest/1753/problem/A1) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1753/A1.py) | `constructive algorithms` `dp` `greedy` `*1300` | Nov/27/2022 15:08 | 
36 | [B - Vanya and Lanterns](https://codeforces.com/contest/492/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/492/B.py) | `binary search` `implementation` `math` `sortings` `*1200` | Nov/27/2022 10:18 | 
35 | [C - Alice and Bob](https://codeforces.com/contest/347/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/347/C.py) | `games` `math` `number theory` `*1600` | Nov/27/2022 09:06 | 
34 | [C - Doremy's City Construction](https://codeforces.com/contest/1764/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1764/C.py) | `graphs` `greedy` `*1400` | Nov/27/2022 08:45 | 
33 | [A - Doremy's Paint](https://codeforces.com/contest/1764/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1764/A.py) | `greedy` `*800` | Nov/26/2022 20:44 | 
32 | [B - Doremy's Perfect Math Class](https://codeforces.com/contest/1764/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1764/B.py) | `math` `number theory` `*900` | Nov/26/2022 20:21 | 
31 | [B - Bad Boy](https://codeforces.com/contest/1537/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1537/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `greedy` `math` `*900` | Nov/26/2022 15:43 | 
30 | [F - Quests](https://codeforces.com/contest/1760/problem/F) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1760/F.py) | `binary search` `greedy` `sortings` `*1500` | Nov/26/2022 14:50 | 
29 | [F - Smaller](https://codeforces.com/contest/1742/problem/F) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1742/F.py) | `constructive algorithms` `greedy` `strings` `*1500` | Nov/26/2022 09:51 | 
28 | [A - SSeeeeiinngg DDoouubbllee](https://codeforces.com/contest/1758/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1758/A.py) | `constructive algorithms` `strings` `*800` | Nov/26/2022 00:49 | 
27 | [B - XOR = Average](https://codeforces.com/contest/1758/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1758/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `*900` | Nov/26/2022 00:43 | 
26 | [B - Array Reodering](https://codeforces.com/contest/1535/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1535/B.py) | `brute force` `greedy` `math` `number theory` `sortings` `*900` | Nov/25/2022 18:36 | 
25 | [C - Save the Magazines](https://codeforces.com/contest/1743/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1743/C.py) | `constructive algorithms` `dp` `greedy` `*1100` | Nov/25/2022 16:27 | 
24 | [B - Also Try Minecraft](https://codeforces.com/contest/1709/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1709/B.py) | `data structures` `dp` `implementation` `*900` | Nov/25/2022 12:57 | 
23 | [B - Mystic Permutation](https://codeforces.com/contest/1689/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1689/B.py) | `data structures` `greedy` `*900` | Nov/25/2022 12:40 | 
22 | [B - Mark the Dust Sweeper](https://codeforces.com/contest/1705/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1705/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `greedy` `implementation` `*900` | Nov/25/2022 11:38 | 
21 | [B - Tea with Tangerines](https://codeforces.com/contest/1735/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1735/B.py) | `greedy` `math` `*900` | Nov/25/2022 10:53 | 
20 | [B - All Distinct](https://codeforces.com/contest/1692/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1692/B.py) | `greedy` `sortings` `*800` | Nov/25/2022 09:09 | 
19 | [A - Marathon](https://codeforces.com/contest/1692/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1692/A.py) | `implementation` `*800` | Nov/25/2022 08:51 | 
18 | [F - 3SUM](https://codeforces.com/contest/1692/problem/F) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1692/F.py) | `brute force` `math` `*1300` | Nov/24/2022 23:55 | 
17 | [C - The Third Problem](https://codeforces.com/contest/1699/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1699/C.py) | `combinatorics` `constructive algorithms` `math` `*1700` | Nov/24/2022 23:27 | 
16 | [B - Even-Odd Increments ](https://codeforces.com/contest/1744/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1744/B.py) | `implementation` `math` `*800` | Nov/24/2022 20:47 | 
15 | [A - Number Replacement](https://codeforces.com/contest/1744/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1744/A.py) | `greedy` `implementation` `*800` | Nov/24/2022 19:02 | 
14 | [C - Set Construction](https://codeforces.com/contest/1761/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1761/C.py) | `constructive algorithms` `dfs and similar` `graphs` `greedy` `*1400` | Nov/24/2022 12:49 | 
13 | [C - Traffic Light](https://codeforces.com/contest/1744/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1744/C.py) | `binary search` `implementation` `two pointers` `*1000` | Nov/24/2022 00:30 | 
12 | [A - Seat Occupation](https://atcoder.jp/contests/arc152/tasks/arc152_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/arc152/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*400` | Nov/20/2022 19:24 | 
11 | [D - All Assign Point Add](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc278/tasks/abc278_d) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc278/D.py) | `AtCoder` `*400` | Nov/20/2022 01:52 | 
10 | [B - Misjudge the Time](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc278/tasks/abc278_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc278/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Nov/19/2022 19:35 | 
9 | [C - FF](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc278/tasks/abc278_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc278/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Nov/19/2022 19:25 | 
8 | [A - Shift](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc278/tasks/abc278_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc278/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Nov/19/2022 17:34 | 
7 | [A - World Cup](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc262/tasks/abc262_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc262/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Jul/31/2022 17:36 | 
6 | [C - Changing Jewels](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc260/tasks/abc260_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc260/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Jul/28/2022 16:04 | 
5 | [B - Better Students Are Needed!](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc260/tasks/abc260_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc260/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Jul/28/2022 01:29 | 
4 | [A - A Unique Letter](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc260/tasks/abc260_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc260/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Jul/27/2022 11:34 | 
3 | [B - Counterclockwise Rotation](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc259/tasks/abc259_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc259/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Jul/27/2022 10:44 | 
2 | [A - Growth Record](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc259/tasks/abc259_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc259/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Jul/27/2022 10:18 | 
1 | [C - NewFolder(1)](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc261/tasks/abc261_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc261/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Jul/26/2022 11:33 |

Commit message:

Add solution for problem `A - Kirill And The Game` Link: https://codeforces.com/contest/842/problem/A Tags: brute force, two pointers, *1200 Ref: https://codeforces.com/contest/842/submission/186235348

README.md, after:

Submissions
======================
> *Auto-generated with ❤ using [Harwest](https://github.com/nileshsah/harwest-tool)*

## Introduction

A repository to keep track of problem solving practice, containing solutions from platforms:
* Codeforces &nbsp; [![Codeforces](https://run.kaist.ac.kr/badges/codeforces/nov1ce_17171.svg)](https://codeforces.com/profile/nov1ce_17171)
* AtCoder &nbsp; [![AtCoder](https://run.kaist.ac.kr/badges/atcoder/HisokaMagician.svg)](https://atcoder.jp/users/HisokaMagician)


## Contents

| # | Title | Solution | Tags | Submitted |
|---| ----- | -------- | ---- | --------- |
92 | [A - Kirill And The Game](https://codeforces.com/contest/842/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/842/A.py) | `brute force` `two pointers` `*1200` | Dec/21/2022 20:00 | 
91 | [B - Dreamoon and WiFi](https://codeforces.com/contest/476/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/476/B.py) | `bitmasks` `brute force` `combinatorics` `dp` `math` `probabilities` `*1300` | Dec/21/2022 02:46 | 
90 | [B - Alice and the List of Presents](https://codeforces.com/contest/1236/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1236/B.py) | `combinatorics` `math` `*1500` | Dec/20/2022 23:55 | 
89 | [B - Incinerate](https://codeforces.com/contest/1763/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1763/B.py) | `binary search` `brute force` `sortings` | Dec/19/2022 23:19 | 
88 | [C - Hossam and Trainees](https://codeforces.com/contest/1771/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1771/C.py) | `greedy` `math` `number theory` `*1600` | Dec/19/2022 11:00 | 
87 | [D - Absolute Sorting](https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/D) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1772/D.py) | `math` | Dec/19/2022 09:31 | 
86 | [C - Different Differences](https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1772/C.py) | `greedy` `math` | Dec/18/2022 20:45 | 
85 | [B - Matrix Rotation](https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1772/B.py) | `brute force` | Dec/18/2022 20:36 | 
84 | [A - A+B?](https://codeforces.com/contest/1772/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1772/A.py) | `implementation` | Dec/18/2022 20:06 | 
83 | [C - Min-Max Array Transformation](https://codeforces.com/contest/1721/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1721/C.py) | `binary search` `greedy` `two pointers` `*1400` | Dec/18/2022 19:50 | 
82 | [C - Madoka and Formal Statement](https://codeforces.com/contest/1717/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1717/C.py) | `greedy` `*1300` | Dec/18/2022 18:48 | 
81 | [B - Interesting Sum](https://codeforces.com/contest/1720/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1720/B.py) | `brute force` `data structures` `greedy` `math` `sortings` `*800` | Dec/18/2022 16:17 | 
80 | [A - Burenka Plays with Fractions](https://codeforces.com/contest/1720/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1720/A.py) | `math` `number theory` `*900` | Dec/18/2022 15:45 | 
79 | [B - Deadly Laser](https://codeforces.com/contest/1721/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1721/B.py) | `implementation` `*1000` | Dec/18/2022 15:26 | 
78 | [B - Basketball Together](https://codeforces.com/contest/1725/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1725/B.py) | `binary search` `greedy` `sortings` `*1000` | Dec/18/2022 14:59 | 
77 | [B - Coloring](https://codeforces.com/contest/1774/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1774/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `greedy` | Dec/18/2022 02:06 | 
76 | [A - Add Plus Minus Sign](https://codeforces.com/contest/1774/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1774/A.py) | `constructive algorithms` | Dec/18/2022 01:37 | 
75 | [B - Make Array Good](https://codeforces.com/contest/1762/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1762/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `implementation` `number theory` `sortings` | Dec/17/2022 20:23 | 
74 | [A - Divide and Conquer](https://codeforces.com/contest/1762/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1762/A.py) | `greedy` `math` `number theory` | Dec/17/2022 19:52 | 
73 | [B - Let's Get a Perfect Score](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc282/tasks/abc282_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc282/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Dec/17/2022 18:05 | 
72 | [C - String Delimiter](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc282/tasks/abc282_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc282/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Dec/17/2022 17:40 | 
71 | [A - Generalized ABC](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc282/tasks/abc282_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc282/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Dec/17/2022 17:32 | 
70 | [D - Lucky Chains](https://codeforces.com/contest/1766/problem/D) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1766/D.py) | `brute force` `greedy` `math` `number theory` | Dec/15/2022 19:10 | 
69 | [C - Hamiltonian Wall](https://codeforces.com/contest/1766/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1766/C.py) | `dp` `greedy` `implementation` | Dec/15/2022 18:22 | 
68 | [B - Notepad#](https://codeforces.com/contest/1766/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1766/B.py) | `brute force` `greedy` `implementation` | Dec/13/2022 00:01 | 
67 | [A - Extremely Round](https://codeforces.com/contest/1766/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1766/A.py) | `greedy` `implementation` `math` | Dec/12/2022 23:48 | 
66 | [D - Max Multiple](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc281/tasks/abc281_d) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc281/D.py) | `AtCoder` `*400` | Dec/12/2022 16:23 | 
65 | [E - Least Elements](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc281/tasks/abc281_e) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc281/E.py) | `AtCoder` `*500` | Dec/12/2022 12:10 | 
64 | [A - Hossam and Combinatorics](https://codeforces.com/contest/1771/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1771/A.py) | `combinatorics` `math` `sortings` | Dec/11/2022 21:17 | 
63 | [C - Circular Playlist](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc281/tasks/abc281_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc281/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Dec/10/2022 17:45 | 
62 | [B - Sandwich Number](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc281/tasks/abc281_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc281/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Dec/10/2022 17:39 | 
61 | [A - Count Down](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc281/tasks/abc281_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc281/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Dec/10/2022 17:31 | 
60 | [D - Factorial and Multiple](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc280/tasks/abc280_d) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc280/D.py) | `AtCoder` `*400` | Dec/03/2022 20:38 | 
59 | [C - Extra Character](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc280/tasks/abc280_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc280/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Dec/03/2022 17:43 | 
58 | [B - Inverse Prefix Sum](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc280/tasks/abc280_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc280/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Dec/03/2022 17:37 | 
57 | [A - Pawn on a Grid](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc280/tasks/abc280_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc280/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Dec/03/2022 17:33 | 
56 | [B - Madoka and Underground Competitions](https://codeforces.com/contest/1717/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1717/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `implementation` `*1100` | Dec/01/2022 22:03 | 
55 | [C - Minimize the Thickness](https://codeforces.com/contest/1741/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1741/C.py) | `brute force` `greedy` `math` `two pointers` `*1100` | Dec/01/2022 19:53 | 
54 | [D - Maximum Sum of Products](https://codeforces.com/contest/1519/problem/D) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1519/D.py) | `brute force` `dp` `implementation` `math` `two pointers` `*1600` | Dec/01/2022 16:50 | 
53 | [C - Unstable String](https://codeforces.com/contest/1535/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1535/C.py) | `binary search` `dp` `greedy` `implementation` `strings` `two pointers` `*1400` | Dec/01/2022 16:22 | 
52 | [C - Ela and Crickets](https://codeforces.com/contest/1737/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1737/C.py) | `constructive algorithms` `games` `implementation` `math` `*1500` | Nov/30/2022 23:35 | 
51 | [E1 - Divisible Numbers (easy version)](https://codeforces.com/contest/1744/problem/E1) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1744/E1.py) | `brute force` `math` `number theory` `*1500` | Nov/30/2022 16:03 | 
50 | [C - Virus](https://codeforces.com/contest/1704/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1704/C.py) | `greedy` `implementation` `sortings` `*1200` | Nov/29/2022 17:05 | 
49 | [C - Zero-Sum Prefixes](https://codeforces.com/contest/1748/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1748/C.py) | `brute force` `data structures` `dp` `greedy` `implementation` `*1600` | Nov/29/2022 14:55 | 
48 | [B - Ela's Fitness and the Luxury Number](https://codeforces.com/contest/1737/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1737/B.py) | `binary search` `implementation` `math` `*1300` | Nov/29/2022 11:19 | 
47 | [B - Playing with GCD](https://codeforces.com/contest/1736/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1736/B.py) | `math` `number theory` `*1200` | Nov/29/2022 10:29 | 
46 | [B - Ugu](https://codeforces.com/contest/1732/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1732/B.py) | `brute force` `dp` `greedy` `implementation` `*900` | Nov/28/2022 23:18 | 
45 | [B - Diverse Substrings](https://codeforces.com/contest/1748/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1748/B.py) | `brute force` `implementation` `strings` `*1400` | Nov/28/2022 21:09 | 
44 | [B - Mainak and Interesting Sequence](https://codeforces.com/contest/1726/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1726/B.py) | `bitmasks` `constructive algorithms` `math` `*1100` | Nov/28/2022 19:13 | 
43 | [A - Mainak and Array](https://codeforces.com/contest/1726/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1726/A.py) | `greedy` `math` `*900` | Nov/28/2022 16:17 | 
42 | [C - Frog Jumps](https://codeforces.com/contest/1324/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1324/C.py) | `binary search` `data structures` `dfs and similar` `greedy` `implementation` `*1100` | Nov/28/2022 11:23 | 
41 | [C - Number Game](https://codeforces.com/contest/1749/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1749/C.py) | `binary search` `data structures` `games` `greedy` `implementation` `*1400` | Nov/28/2022 09:46 | 
40 | [C - Almost All Multiples](https://codeforces.com/contest/1758/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1758/C.py) | `greedy` `number theory` `*1400` | Nov/27/2022 22:40 | 
39 | [B - Meeting on the Line](https://codeforces.com/contest/1730/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1730/B.py) | `binary search` `geometry` `greedy` `implementation` `math` `ternary search` `*1600` | Nov/27/2022 19:32 | 
38 | [D - Friends and the Restaurant](https://codeforces.com/contest/1729/problem/D) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1729/D.py) | `greedy` `sortings` `two pointers` `*1200` | Nov/27/2022 16:58 | 
37 | [A1 - Make Nonzero Sum (easy version)](https://codeforces.com/contest/1753/problem/A1) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1753/A1.py) | `constructive algorithms` `dp` `greedy` `*1300` | Nov/27/2022 15:08 | 
36 | [B - Vanya and Lanterns](https://codeforces.com/contest/492/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/492/B.py) | `binary search` `implementation` `math` `sortings` `*1200` | Nov/27/2022 10:18 | 
35 | [C - Alice and Bob](https://codeforces.com/contest/347/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/347/C.py) | `games` `math` `number theory` `*1600` | Nov/27/2022 09:06 | 
34 | [C - Doremy's City Construction](https://codeforces.com/contest/1764/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1764/C.py) | `graphs` `greedy` `*1400` | Nov/27/2022 08:45 | 
33 | [A - Doremy's Paint](https://codeforces.com/contest/1764/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1764/A.py) | `greedy` `*800` | Nov/26/2022 20:44 | 
32 | [B - Doremy's Perfect Math Class](https://codeforces.com/contest/1764/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1764/B.py) | `math` `number theory` `*900` | Nov/26/2022 20:21 | 
31 | [B - Bad Boy](https://codeforces.com/contest/1537/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1537/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `greedy` `math` `*900` | Nov/26/2022 15:43 | 
30 | [F - Quests](https://codeforces.com/contest/1760/problem/F) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1760/F.py) | `binary search` `greedy` `sortings` `*1500` | Nov/26/2022 14:50 | 
29 | [F - Smaller](https://codeforces.com/contest/1742/problem/F) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1742/F.py) | `constructive algorithms` `greedy` `strings` `*1500` | Nov/26/2022 09:51 | 
28 | [A - SSeeeeiinngg DDoouubbllee](https://codeforces.com/contest/1758/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1758/A.py) | `constructive algorithms` `strings` `*800` | Nov/26/2022 00:49 | 
27 | [B - XOR = Average](https://codeforces.com/contest/1758/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1758/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `*900` | Nov/26/2022 00:43 | 
26 | [B - Array Reodering](https://codeforces.com/contest/1535/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1535/B.py) | `brute force` `greedy` `math` `number theory` `sortings` `*900` | Nov/25/2022 18:36 | 
25 | [C - Save the Magazines](https://codeforces.com/contest/1743/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1743/C.py) | `constructive algorithms` `dp` `greedy` `*1100` | Nov/25/2022 16:27 | 
24 | [B - Also Try Minecraft](https://codeforces.com/contest/1709/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1709/B.py) | `data structures` `dp` `implementation` `*900` | Nov/25/2022 12:57 | 
23 | [B - Mystic Permutation](https://codeforces.com/contest/1689/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1689/B.py) | `data structures` `greedy` `*900` | Nov/25/2022 12:40 | 
22 | [B - Mark the Dust Sweeper](https://codeforces.com/contest/1705/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1705/B.py) | `constructive algorithms` `greedy` `implementation` `*900` | Nov/25/2022 11:38 | 
21 | [B - Tea with Tangerines](https://codeforces.com/contest/1735/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1735/B.py) | `greedy` `math` `*900` | Nov/25/2022 10:53 | 
20 | [B - All Distinct](https://codeforces.com/contest/1692/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1692/B.py) | `greedy` `sortings` `*800` | Nov/25/2022 09:09 | 
19 | [A - Marathon](https://codeforces.com/contest/1692/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1692/A.py) | `implementation` `*800` | Nov/25/2022 08:51 | 
18 | [F - 3SUM](https://codeforces.com/contest/1692/problem/F) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1692/F.py) | `brute force` `math` `*1300` | Nov/24/2022 23:55 | 
17 | [C - The Third Problem](https://codeforces.com/contest/1699/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1699/C.py) | `combinatorics` `constructive algorithms` `math` `*1700` | Nov/24/2022 23:27 | 
16 | [B - Even-Odd Increments ](https://codeforces.com/contest/1744/problem/B) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1744/B.py) | `implementation` `math` `*800` | Nov/24/2022 20:47 | 
15 | [A - Number Replacement](https://codeforces.com/contest/1744/problem/A) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1744/A.py) | `greedy` `implementation` `*800` | Nov/24/2022 19:02 | 
14 | [C - Set Construction](https://codeforces.com/contest/1761/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1761/C.py) | `constructive algorithms` `dfs and similar` `graphs` `greedy` `*1400` | Nov/24/2022 12:49 | 
13 | [C - Traffic Light](https://codeforces.com/contest/1744/problem/C) | [PyPy 3-64](./codeforces/1744/C.py) | `binary search` `implementation` `two pointers` `*1000` | Nov/24/2022 00:30 | 
12 | [A - Seat Occupation](https://atcoder.jp/contests/arc152/tasks/arc152_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/arc152/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*400` | Nov/20/2022 19:24 | 
11 | [D - All Assign Point Add](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc278/tasks/abc278_d) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc278/D.py) | `AtCoder` `*400` | Nov/20/2022 01:52 | 
10 | [B - Misjudge the Time](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc278/tasks/abc278_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc278/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Nov/19/2022 19:35 | 
9 | [C - FF](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc278/tasks/abc278_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc278/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Nov/19/2022 19:25 | 
8 | [A - Shift](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc278/tasks/abc278_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc278/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Nov/19/2022 17:34 | 
7 | [A - World Cup](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc262/tasks/abc262_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc262/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Jul/31/2022 17:36 | 
6 | [C - Changing Jewels](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc260/tasks/abc260_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc260/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Jul/28/2022 16:04 | 
5 | [B - Better Students Are Needed!](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc260/tasks/abc260_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc260/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Jul/28/2022 01:29 | 
4 | [A - A Unique Letter](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc260/tasks/abc260_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc260/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Jul/27/2022 11:34 | 
3 | [B - Counterclockwise Rotation](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc259/tasks/abc259_b) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc259/B.py) | `AtCoder` `*200` | Jul/27/2022 10:44 | 
2 | [A - Growth Record](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc259/tasks/abc259_a) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc259/A.py) | `AtCoder` `*100` | Jul/27/2022 10:18 | 
1 | [C - NewFolder(1)](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc261/tasks/abc261_c) | [Python (3.8.2)](./atcoder/abc261/C.py) | `AtCoder` `*300` | Jul/26/2022 11:33 |
